[M][D]DLS-678-feature(ListItem): add density prop and conditional interactivity (#633)
LedgerHQ/lumen: .nx/version-plans/version-plan-1775838316819.md

---
'@ledgerhq/lumen-ui-rnative': patch
---

> ListItem: add density prop (compact/expanded) and conditional pressed feedback on onPress

Reviewer: Add a mention for the fix for the Title as well

Reviewer: not relevant anymore

> ListItem: add density prop (compact/expanded) and conditional pressed feedback on onPress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
feat(ui-rnative): add ListItem density prop (compact/expanded) and conditional interactive styles on onPress
```

Reviewer: I do not think this is needed, it's already a release plan for `ui-rnative` 

I would have to remove them manually from changelog after doing doing a release because it's redundant information, so please keep as is
